1-What is c and its features?
=>C is a programming language that was developed in 1972 by Dennis Ritchie at Bell Laboratories. C is a procedural language that provides low-level access to system memory.
    :Simple and Efficient. The basic syntax style of implementing C language is very simple and easy to learn.
    :Fast.
    :Portability.
    :Extensibility.
    :Function-Rich Libraries.
    :Dynamic Memory Management.
    :Modularity With Structured Language.
    :Mid-Level Programming Language.

2-Keyword vs identifire
=>Keyword	
1	Keywords are predefined and specific reserved words, which hold special meaning. Keywords help in defining any statement in the program.	A 
2	A keyword begins with lowercase.
3	It defines the type of entity.
4	It can only have alphabetical characters.
5	It should be lowercase.
6	It helps in defining a particular property that subsists in a computer language.
7	double, int, auto, char, break, and more are examples of keywords.

=>Identifier
1   Particular name generated by the programmer to define a variable, structure, class, or function is called an identifier.
2	In the identifier, the first character may begin with uppercase, lowercase or underscores.
3	It classifies the name of the entity.
4	It can have numbers, alphabetical characters, and underscores.
5	It can be both upper and lowercase.
6	It helps in locating the name of the entity.
7	Test, count1, high_speed, etc are examples of identifiers.

3-What are the operators present in C?
=>1. Arithmetic Operations in C
The arithmetic operators are used to perform arithmetic/mathematical operations on operands.

2. Relational Operators in C
The relational operators in C are used for the comparison of the two operands. All these operators are binary operators that return true or false values as the result of comparison.

3. Logical Operator in C
Logical Operators are used to combine two or more conditions/constraints or to complement the evaluation of the original condition in consideration. The result of the operation of a logical operator is a Boolean value either true or false.

4. Bitwise Operators in C
The Bitwise operators are used to perform bit-level operations on the operands. The operators are first converted to bit-level and then the calculation is performed on the operands. Mathematical operations such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, etc. can be performed at the bit level for faster processing.

5. Assignment Operators in C
Assignment operators are used to assign value to a variable. The left side operand of the assignment operator is a variable and the right side operand of the assignment operator is a value. The value on the right side must be of the same data type as the variable on the left side otherwise the compiler will raise an error.